
Question #: 1
Which is the correct subset of services offered via OCI-CLI (command line interface) for Autonomous
Database (ABD) via calls made to the OCI API's?
A. Create, Query, Update, List, Start
B. Create, Query, List, Stop, Restore
C. Create, Get, List, Stop, Restore
D. Start, Delete, Update, Query, Stop
Answer: B


Question #: 2
Which three tasks by default are taken care of by the Autonomous Database?
A. Database Upgrades
B. Application User Creation
C. Backups
D. Firmware Patching
E. Data Loading
Answer: A C E

Question #: 3
Which three data dictionary views contain information about analytic view objects?
A. ALL_ANALYTIC_VIEW_PATHS
B. ALL_ANALYTIC_VIEW_DIM_CLASS
C. ALL_ANALYTIC_VIEW_ID_ATTRS
D. ALL_ANALYTIC_VIEW_LVLGRPS
E. ALL_ANALYTIC_VIEW_KEYS
Answer: B D E

Question #: 4
What are three methods to load data into the Autonomous Database?
A. Transportable Tablespace
B. Oracle Data Pump
C. RMAN Restore
D. Oracle GoldenGate
E. SQL*Loader
Answer: B D E

Question #: 5
Which of these database features is NOT part of the Autonomous Database?

A. Flashback Database
B. Java in the Database
C. Real Application Clusters (RAC)
D. Online Indexing
Answer: C

Question #: 6
Which task is NOT automatically performed by the Oracle Autonomous Database?
A. Automatically optimize the workload
B. Backing up the database
C. Mask your sensitive data
D. Patching the database
Answer: A

Question #: 7
The 3rd party application that your customer wants to migrate to Autonomous Database (ADB) has
some specific demands like tablespace names, usernames and init.ora parameters. The decision was
made to adhere to the suggested migration method using an instant client and the datapump version
that was suggested (and came with it).
Which statement is true about the migration of the application's database success?
A. The tablespace names will result in a blocking error during datapump import because of ADB
limitations.
B. The migration can be technically a success but the 3-rd party vendor needs to support the result.
C. The migration can be a success, both technically and functional due to datapump enhancements.
D. The suggested datapump version will create an alias for non-standard tablespace names so the
migration is successful.
Answer: D

Question #: 8
Which Autonomous Database Service is NOT used to connect to an Autonomous Transaction
Processing instance?
A. TPPERFORMANT
B. TPURGENT
C. LOW
D. MEDIUM
E. HIGH
Answer: A


Question #: 9
Which statement about the Export Wizard used to export database objects and data is NOT correct?
A. If "Dependents" is checked as a DDL Option, for non-privileged users, only dependent objects in
their schema are exported.
B. Export DDL includes features such as "Show schema," "Storage," and "Terminator."
C. If "Grants" Is checked as a DDL Option, GRANT statements are Included for any grant objects on
the exported objects, including those owned by the SYS schema.
D. If "Clipboard" is selected as the "Output," the output will be placed on the system clipboard, so
that it can be pasted into a file, a command line, or other location appropriate for the format.
Answer: C

Question #: 10
Given the steps:
1. Create Oracle Machine Learning User
2. Create projects
3. Create workspaces
4. Create Notebooks
5. Run SQL Scripts
Which two steps are out of order when working with Oracle Machine learning?
A. Run SQL Scripts
B. Create Notebooks
C. Create workspaces
D. Create projects
E. Create Oracle Machine Learning User
Answer: A D

Question #: 11
Which method can be used to migrate on-premises databases to Autonomous Databases in cloud?
A. RMAN backup & restore
B. Physical migration method like database cloning
C. Data Pump
D. Original Import/Export tools
Answer: C

Question #: 12
Which Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) thin client version supports the use of HTTP proxy settings
that does NOT support TCP to connect to Autonomous Data Warehouse?
A. 17.4 onwards
B. Any version
C. 12c Release 2 onwards
D. 18.1 onwards

Answer: D

Question #: 13
In which way can a SQL Developer help you test your data loading scenario to Autonomous Database
(ADB)?
A. In the TEST phase, a temporary table will be populated with the records before inserting them in
the destination table.
B. In the Column Definition Phase, the system cross-references with the file-contents and shows the
conflicts with the definition.
C. In the TEST phase of the wizard, a subset of accepted records are displayed based on your
definition.
D. In the TEST phase of the wizard a list is generated containing the records that would be rejected
during import.
Answer: C

Question #: 14
Which statement is true regarding database client credentials file required to connect to your
Autonomous Database?
A. When you share the credential files with authorized users, mail the wallet password and the file in
the same email.
B. The Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) wallet can be used for your client credentials to connect to
your database.
C. Place the credential files on a share drive that all users can use to connect to the database.
D. Store credential files in a secure location and share the files only with authorized users to prevent
unauthorized access to the database.
Answer: B

Question #: 15
Your customer receives information in various formats like .csv files from their suppliers. The
business user would like to collect all of this information and store it in a ATP environment. The
Oracle adviser recommends to use Oracle Data Sync for this.
Which statement is true regarding Oracle Data Sync?
A. Data Sync can only load files into tables (insert-only), the customer has to write the additional
code.
B. Data Sync can not transform your data while loading it into the destination table.
C. Data Sync can load a combination of data source, such as xsv, .xlsx and Oracle relational files.
D. Data Sync can only load data from one source into one destination table.
Answer: C

Question #: 16
Your customer has upgraded their on premise 11.2 database to 12.2. During this migration the

database was migrated to a pluggable database and is now in production.
How should the customer unplug their database to migrate to Autonomous Database (ADB)?
A. Unplug into a pdb archive which can be uploaded to object storage.
B. Create a database link from source database to the ADB environment and clone the PDB.
C. Pluggable databases cannot be migrated to ADB using plug, unplug or clone.
D. Unplug to an xml file so database files and xml file can be uploaded to object storage.
Answer: B

Question #: 17
When you connect Oracle Analytics Cloud to the Autonomous Data Warehouse, what file needs to be
uploaded?
A. OJDBC.PROPERTIES
B. CWALLET.SSO
C. SQLNET.ORA
D. TNSNAMES.ORA
Answer: B

Question #: 18
When running lots of high concurrent queries in Autonomous Database, you should use which
predefined service connection?
A. DBNAME_MEDIUM
B. DBNAME_HIGH
C. DBNAME_CONCURRENT
D. DBNAME_LOW
Answer: B

Question #: 19
How many pre-defined service names are configured in tnsnames.ora for a single Autonomous
Transaction Processing database instance, and what are they called?
A. Five. They are called tpurgent, tp, high, medium and low.
B. Three. They are called high, medium and low.
C. None. There are no pre-defined service names in tnsnames.ora.
D. Two. They are called ATP and ADW.
Answer: A

Question #: 20
What two tasks can be executed from the service console for Autonomous Databases?
A. Autonomous Databases monitoring for usage and query performance.
B. Wizard to download connection wallet for connection from desktop tools.

C. Creating and scaling of Autonomous Database service.
D. Creating schemas.
Answer: C D

Question #: 21
What are two security features enabled by default by the Autonomous Database?
A. Encrypted Database Links
B. SQL Net Encryption
C. One SYSDBA account
D. Read Only access to OS Audit logs
E. Transparent Data Encryption
Answer: A E

Question #: 22
As a database architect you are tasked with configuring a high concurrency, production OLTP
application to connect to an Autonomous Transaction Processing database with a requirement to
have some reporting queries run in parallel mode.
Which connection service is appropriate for such a workload?
A. MEDIUM
B. TP
C. HIGH
D. TPURGENT
Answer: C

Question #: 23
Which two PL/SQL functions can be used to validate an analytic view?
A. VALIDATE_ANALYTIC_VIEW
B. VALIDATE_LEVELS
C. VALIDATE_MEASURES
D. VALIDATE_DIMENSION
E. VALIDATE_HIERARCHY
Answer: A E

Question #: 24
The default eight day retention period for Autonomous Database performance data can be modified

using which DBMS_WORKLOAD_REPOSITORY subprogram procedure?
A. MODIFY_SNAPSHOT_SETTINGS
B. UPDATE_OBJECT_INFO
C. CREATE_BASELINE_TEMPLATE
D. UPDATE_OBJECT_INFO
Answer: A

Question #: 25
Which operating system can Data Visualization Desktop be run on?
A. Linux
B. Solaris
C. Windows
D. AIX
Answer: C

Question #: 26
When exporting a notebook, what type of file is created?
A. SQL
B. JSON
C. ASCII
D. XML
E. TXT
Answer: B

Question #: 27
If you need to connect to Autonomous Data Warehouse (ADW) using Java Database Connectivity
(JDBC) via an HTTP proxy, where do you set the proxy details?
A. cwallet.sso
B. keystore.jks
C. ojdbc.properties
D. sqlnet.ora
E. tnsnames.ora
Answer: E


Question #: 28
Which three statements are true regarding how Autonomous Database provides data security?
A. Network connections from clients to Autonomous Database are encrypted using the client
credentials wallet.
B. Data is encrypted at rest using transparent data encryption.
C. Oracle automatically applies security updates to ensure data is not vulnerable to known attack
vectors.
D. Users are given OS logons or SYSDBA privileges to prevent phishing attacking.
Answer: A C D

Question #: 29
Which three statements are true about procedures in the DBMS_CLOUD package?
A. The DBMS_CLOUD.DELETE_FILE procedure removes the credentials file from the Autonomous Data Warehouse database.
B. The DBMS_CLOUD.CREATE_CREDENTIAL procedure stores Cloud Object Storage credentials in the Autonomous Data Warehouse database.
C. The DBMS_CLOUD.PUT_OBJECT procedure copies a file from Cloud Object Storage to the Autonomous Data Warehouse.
D. The DBMS_CLOUD.VALIDATE_EXTERNAL_TABLE procedure validates the source files for an external table, generates log information, and stores the rows that do not match the format options specified for the external table in a badfile table on Autonomous Data Warehouse.
E. The DBMS_CLOUD.CREATE_EXTERNAL_TABLE procedure creates an external table on files in the cloud. You can run queries on external data from the Autonomous Data Warehouse.
Answer: A C D

Question #: 30
Which statement is true in regards to database links?
A. Connect from Autonomous Database to remote database using a database link.
B. Connect to Autonomous Database from remote database using a database link.
C. You can call PL/SQL procedures and functions using a database link.
D. Create a database link from one Autonomous Database to another Autonomous Database
instance.
Answer: A

Question #: 31
A customer wants to migrate to Autonomous Database (ADB) but only allows for a very small
window of downtime. Golden Gate was advised to be used during the migration. For maximum
reassurance of their end-users, the customer also would like to use Golden Gate as a fall-back
scenario for the first 6 months after the migration. If customers complain, the on-premise data can
be synchronised with the ADB instance for a switch back.
Which statement about the migration using Golden Gate is correct?

A. The fallback scenario is not possible using Golden Gate because the capture-process cannot be
installed on ADB.
B. Migration to ADB is not possible using Golden Gate because the apply-process cannot be installed
on ADB.
C. Golden Gate on premise Is not certified with ADB because Golden Gate Cloud Service exists for
this.
D. Only the migration to ADB is possible from an on-premise installation of Golden Gate.
E. The described scenario is correct, can be used for migration and fallback scenarios.
Answer: D

Question #: 32
While Autonomous Transaction Processing and Autonomous Data Warehouse use the same Oracle
database, which statement is true about the workloads?
A. Autonomous Data Warehouse workloads are optimized for mixed workloads.
B. Autonomous Transaction Processing workloads are optimized for data warehouse, data mart, and
data lake.
C. Data that Is bulk loaded, by default, uses the row format in Autonomous Transaction Processing
where Autonomous Data Warehouse data format Is columnar.
D. Autonomous Transaction Processing memory usage optimizes workloads for parallel joins and
aggregations.
Answer: A

Question #: 33
Which two statements are true with regards to Oracle Data Sync?
A. Data Sync can use a normal OCI (thick) client connection to connect to an Oracle database.
B. Data Sync has default drivers available that supported loading data from DB2, Microsoft SQL
Server, MySQL and Teradata.
C. Data Sync can connect to any jdbc compatible source like MongoDB, RedShift and Sybase.
D. Data Sync can load your data in parallel in order to speed up the loading process.
Answer: D

Question #: 34
What are two advantages of using Data Pump to migrate your Oracle Databases to Autonomous
Database?
A. Data Pump creates the tablespaces used by your Autonomous Database.
B. Data Pump can exclude migration of objects like indexes and materialized views that are not
needed by Autonomous Database.
C. Data Pump is faster to migrate database than using RMAN.
D. Data Pump is platform independent - it can migrate Oracle Databases running on any platform.
Answer: A D


Question #: 35
What is the default retention period for both Automatic and Manual Autonomous Database
Backups?
A. One Year
B. 90 days
C. 7 days
D. 30 days
E. 60 days
Answer: D

Question #: 36
Which is correct about security features that are available in Oracle Autonomous Database?
A. Neither Data Redaction nor TDE are supported .
B. Data Redaction but not TDE
C. TDE but not Data Redaction
D. Data Redaction and TDE are both supported
Answer: A

Question #: 37
What predefined user is created when an Autonomous Database (ADB) instance is created that you
connect to in order to create other users and grant roles?
A. SCOTT
B. ADMIN
C. SYS
D. DWDEV
Answer: B

Question #: 38
What are the two methods that could be used during the migration of your existing Oracle database
to Autonomous Database?
A. CSV files copied to Autonomous Database block storage
B. Data Pump
C. Golden Gate
D. Recovery Manager (RMAN)
Answer: A C

Question #: 39
Which two are correct actions to take in order to Download the Autonomous Database Credentials?

A. Find the Service Console for your Autonomous Database, then pick Administration, then
Download the Client Credentials (Wallet).
B. Click the Compute section of the menu, then choose Instance Configurations, then Download
Wallet.
C. Click on the Autonomous Data Warehouse section, pick a database, then Choose Actions, then
Download the Wallet.
D. Click on the Autonomous Data Warehouse in the menu, click a database name, then Choose DB
Connection button, then Download the Wallet.
E. Click on the Object Storage and find your Autonomous Bucket and Download the Wallet
Credentials.
Answer: C D

Question #: 40
Which two statements are true about the The Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI)?
A. Because availability domains do not share infrastructure such as power or cooling, or the internal
availability domain network, a failure at one availability domain within a region is unlikely to impact
the availability of the others within the same region.
B. Regions are dependent on other regions and must be located with 5 thousand kilometers of each
other.
C. A single fault domain can be associated with multiple regions and availability domains.
D. An OCI region is a localized geographic area, and an availability domain is one or more data
centers located within a region.
Answer: A C

Question #: 41
A Corporation is building a web application to allow its customers to schedule service requests
online. There is also a need to run operational reports at times during non-peak hours. The
architecture team is debating whether such reports should be run on the OLTP database or in a
separate data mart. The DBA Manager does not want to add anymore admin responsibility to the
team and is looking for a database option that's low to zero maintenance, but meets their strict
performance requirements as well.
Which Oracle Cloud Infrastructure database service is appropriate for this scenario?
A. ATP. Using 'tpurgenf and 'high' TNS services to separate connection types
B. ADW since operational reporting is a higher priority in this scenario.
C. Since the application needs to be highly available, It should to be deployed on a Kubernetes
Cluster.
D. It is best to build a separate data warehouse, and move the OLTP data on a nightly basis.
Answer: D

Question #: 42
Migrating an on-premise database to Autonomous Database (ADB) for large amounts of data
involves multiple steps like creating a credential object, creating (access to) a storage
object/location, running datapump export and running a datapump import.

Which three statements are true for SQL Developer (18.3 and up) in combination with ADB Data
Loading?
A. SQL Developer can only export/move/import files using datapump from databases running on
Linux systems.
B. SQL Developer can import .csv files into ADB which are located on the system where SQL
Developer is running.
C. SQL Developer can be used to export/move/import of a database to ADB in l set of wizard steps.
D. SQL Developer can be started from the ADB Cloud console but only for data loading scenarios.
E. SQL Developer can import files (.dmp and .csv for example) into ADB which are located on Amazon
S3 Object storage.
Answer: A B D

Question #: 43
When you choose to scale your Autonomous Database, which statement is true in regards to OCPUs
and storage?
A. OCPUs and storage can be scaled independently.
B. OCPUs and storage must remain in sync.
C. Increasing OCPUs will automatically increase storage.
D. Storage in TB cannot be larger than the number of OCPUs.
Answer: C

Question #: 44
Which open source orchestration tool can be used to provision autonomous database resources in
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure?
A. Terraform
B. Enterprise Manager
C. REST API
D. Dlocker
Answer: A

Question #: 45
What two methods can you use to define Machine Learning Users?
A. Use DBMS_CLOUD_ADMIN package
B. SQL/Developer
C. Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Console
D. Client tools

Answer: A C

Question #: 46
Which two statements are true when running DBMS_CLOUD.COPY_DATA?
A. valid credential must be created prior to running the DBMS_CLOUD.COPY_DATA procedure.
B. The source files can reside in Oracle Object Storage, Amazon S3 Object storage, or Azure Blob
storage.
C. The source file can be in either Oracle Standard Storage or Oracle Archive Storage bucket in the
Object Store.
D. The target table will be created in Autonomous Database if it does not already exist.
E. The source file will be automatically removed after the DBMS_CLOUD.COPY_DATA procedure
finishes successfully.
Answer: B D

Question #: 47
Which two options are available to restore an Autonomous Data Warehouse?
A. Select the snapshot of the backup.
B. Specify the point in time (timestamp) to restore
C. Select the archived redo logs.
D. Backup and recovery must be done using Recovery Manager(RMAN).
E. Select the backup from which restore needs to be done.
Answer: A D

Question #: 48
Which can be Scaled independently of the number of CPUs in an Autonomous Database?
A. Concurency
B. Memory
C. Parallelism
D. Storage
E. Sessions
Answer: B

Question #: 49
What REST verb is used to create an Autonomous Database service using REST APIs?
A. A "POST" REST call
B. A "GET" REST call
C. An "INSERT" REST call
D. A "PUT" REST call
Answer: D


Question #: 50
Autonomous Data Warehouse configures and optimizes your database for you, therefore you do not
need to perform some of the administration operations for configuring the database.
Which statement is true regarding the default configuration of the Autonomous Data Warehouse?
A. Adding, removing, or modifying tablespaces is allowed.
B. Degree of parallelism for SQL statements is set based on the number of OCPUs in the system and
the database service the user is connecting to.
C. In Autonomous Data Warehouse direct access to the database node and the local file system is
allowed.
D. Compression is not enabled by default and you must specify the compression method for your
tables with the compression clause in your CREATE TABLE and ALTER TABLE commands.
Answer: A

Question #: 51
Which two methods can you use to create users and grant roles in Autonomous Database services?
A. through SQLPIus
B. through the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure service console
C. using DBMS_CLOUD_ADMIN package
D. through SQL/Developer
Answer: B

Question #: 52
Which two system privileges does a user need to create analytic views?
A. CREATE ATTRIBUTE DIMENSION
B. CREATE ANALYTIC VIEW
C. CREATE ANALYTIC MEASURE
D. CREATE ANALYTIC LEVEL
E. CREATE ANALYTIC HIERARCHY
Answer: B D

Question #: 53
When scaling OCPUs in Autonomous Database, which statement is true in regards to active
transactions?
A. Scaling cannot happen while there are active transactions in the database.
B. Active transactions are terminated and rolled back.
C. Active transactions are paused.
D. Active transactions continue running unaffected.
Answer: A


Question #: 54
Users are required to select a service when connecting to Autonomous Data Warehouse and these
services match to one of three different consumer groups: High, Medium, and Low.
Which statement about these consumer groups is correct?
A. High provides highest concurrency and lowest resources, and DoP is i.
B. Medium provides intermediate resource and concurrency, and queries run in a serial.
C. High provides highest resources, lowest concurrency, and DoP is 1.
D. Low provides highest concurrency, lowest resources, and DoP =1.
Answer: D

Question #: 55
Once you have a connection to the Autonomous Data Warehouse, how do you import tables into the
Oracle Analytics Cloud (OAC)?
A. Import Table
B. Create a Data Set
C. Replicate the table using Golden Gate
D. Load data using Data Pump
Answer: D

Question #: 56
How can an Autonomous Database resource be provisioned without logging into the Oracle Cloud
Infrastructure console?
A. Connecting to the Cloud Infrastructure Command console via SSH wallet.
B. It cannot be done.
C. Using Database Configuration Assistant (DBCA) on the database server.
D. Using the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Command Line interface tool or REST API calls.
Answer: A

Question #: 57
Which Autonomous Database Cloud service ignores hints in SQL Statements by default?
A. Autonomous Data Warehouse .
B. Neither service ignores hints by default
C. Autonomous Transaction Processing
D. Both services ignore hints by default
Answer: C

Question #: 58
Which is NOT required to connect to Autonomous Database from SQL developer?
A. Service name

B. Wallet file
C. Database name
D. Username and password
Answer: C

Question #: 59
Which Autonomous Database Cloud service ignores hints in SQL Statements by default?
A. Autonomous Data Warehouse
B. Neither service ignores hints by default
C. Autonomous Transaction Processing
D. Both services ignore hints by default
Answer: C

Question #: 60
Which Autonomous Database Cloud service ignores hints in SQL Statements by default?
A. Autonomous Data Warehouse
B. Neither service ignores hints by default
C. Autonomous Transaction Processing
D. Both services ignore hints by default
Answer: C

Question #: 61
Where can a user's public ssh key be added on the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Console in order to
execute API calls?
A. On the Autonomous Database Console.
B. SSH keys are not required In Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.
C. SSH keys cannot be added from console. They have to be added using REST APIs only.
D. Navigate to Identity, select Users panel on the console and select "Add Public Key".
Answer: C

Question #: 62
What are the two methods that could be used during the migration of your existing Oracle database
to Autonomous Database?
A. CSV files copied to Autonomous Database block storage
B. Data Pump
C. Golden Gate
D. Recovery Manager (RMAN)
Answer: A C